lightweight building systems
gypsum sheet materials long ago
gained popularity around the world
company snk band hyprock being a global
lightweight plaster leader
construction systems for almost a hundred
years makes every effort to make
their designs are lighter durable
and easy to install metal
the profile is giprok ultra one of the main
elements of gypsum building systems
hyprok is the result of joint
work snk ben and English company x
for the developer unique technologies
metal processing ultra steel
this technology not only transforms
the appearance of the metal profile
but also endows him with a number of additional
advantages above all technology
ultra steel makes profile gyrok ultra
much stronger than usual
metal profile
similar thickness due to the shape
surface profileib rock ultra
fastened together according to the principle
spike groove which allows in many cases
completely abandon their extra
fixing with each other with screws or
cutter a
one of the problems with fixing plaster
sheet materials to metal
skeleton is something that is self tapping
the screw fails to screw into the shelf
profile special shape of the surface of the profile
hyproc ultra solves this problem with
one side of the screw tip not
slides on the shelf and screw easily
wrapped even in the hem with
other side cover technological
holes in the profile giprok ultra
is stiffener not allowing
profile shelves sag when
self-tapping screws
one of the most important indicators for
metal profile used in
light building systems ability
hold
wavy self-tapping screw
the surface of the profile is gyrok ultra
creates a harpoon effect
pulling strength increases
so and breakdown strength of self-tapping
wood screws
metal profile giprok ultra
tomorrow light construction
constructions